Make startup config optional (#132)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: server/doc/swdesign/README.md

Needs:
- impl

### Server starts without startup config
`swdd~server-starts-without-startup-config~1`

> The Ankaios Server shall be able to start without startup configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Ankaios server is started without a startup config, the server shall start with an empty current state.
```
